[Tomoya] Furukawa, won't Sanae
and your dad be worried
that you're gone this
late at night?
[Nagisa] You don't need
to worry, Okazaki.
I told my parents that
I was going to be with
Fu-chan tonight.
Really? How did your
dad react to that?
[Nagisa] You mean hearing
Fu-chan's name?
It looked like he might
remember something again.
So, I guess that he hasn't
forgotten everything about
her after all.
[Nagisa] If we're discovered,
we'll be scolded, I guess.
[Tomoya] We'll just worry
about that when it happens.
[rip, rip, rip]
Hey, you're being
a little hasty, aren't you?
I just can't wait anymore!
I swear you're such
a little kid.
I'm not little, I'm just short.
[Fuko] Inside, I'm more
adult than you!
I can't believe I'm being told
that by someone opening a toy
like it's Christmas morning.
Even if my head knows it,
I can't control what my
hands do!
[content cooing]
[Nagisa] Okazaki?
Huh?
Oh no! My hat is gone!
Where did it go?!
[Tomoya] It's over here.
Waah!
Don't take my super special
treasure away from me!
If you're such an adult,
then show your self-control.
Errr...
I'm an adult but I'm becoming
a child momentarily!
[Tomoya] Oof!
[Nagisa] Fu-chan! Okazaki!
[Fuko] Give it back!
Okay!
[gasp]
[crash]
[Nagisa] Are you all right?
[pained groan]
I was a child only
for just now.
Please forgive me.
N-Never mind, just hurry
up and get off of me!
You're heavier than you look,
you know that?
If you're the same age as me,
then act like it.
You're much more
of a child than I am.
Besides, if you were
really an adult,
you could call a close female
friend by her first name.
Please tell me how can you jump
so far off the subject?
I'm just saying that Yusuke
calls my sister by her
first name,
and my big sister always
calls him Yu-kun.
They're both very adult people.
Yeah, yeah. I always call
you Fuko, don't I?
I'm not talking about me.
I'm talking about Nagisa.
[Nagisa] Huh?
You two seem very close to me,
yet you both call each other
by your last names
a lot of the times.
It seems too distant.
I mean, if you're both adults,
you should call each other
by your first names.
That is not a very
logical argument.
No, it's not. This is too sudden
for me to talk to you that way.
Well then, it won't kill you if
you both just try it, will it?
[Fuko] Okazaki, you use "chan",
and Nagisa you can
add "kun" to it.
Ugh.
Ready, set, go!
U- Nagi...
[groan]
T-Tomoya-kun?
Nagisa-chan...
How can I say that?!
Oh, I agree with Okazaki.
This is unbearably
embarrassing for me, too!
See there? That just proves that
the two of you are more
childish than me.
Wait a minute!
At least let me drop
the "chan", will you?
That's the way I talk
to Kyou and Tomoyo.
Then, try it,
why don't you there?
Uh... Nagisa...
[sigh]
This is easier.
It was a little bit easier,
I guess.
Yes, the same with me,
but I... I still need
a little more time
to be totally comfortable
talking to you this way.
[Fuko] Let's compromise
with that.
Why are you acting so bossy
all of a sudden?
Because I... Because I like
both you and Nagisa very much,
and I only want you to be
very happy together.
Just like my sister and
Yusuke are happy together.
[Tomoya] H-Hey...
[giggle]
There you go. We're all done.
[awe and giggling]
Does it look good on me?
Does it look good?
With that party hat on,
you're the best in Japan.
No mistake about it.
[Nagisa] You look really
adorable, Fu-chan.
Oh, you're embarrassing me.
I'm the best in Japan!
I can't believe that you're in
such high spirits already.
The wedding's the day after
tomorrow, you know.
I wonder... Can we have
an advance celebration?
Advance celebration?
You mean for the wedding?
The bride and groom
aren't here.
Do they have to be here?
No, I think it will
be okay, Fu-chan.
Let's have a little celebration,
just the three of us.
You're right. There are vending
machines on the first floor.
[Tomoya] There must be matches
in the home economics room.
[Fuko] Ooh!
This is absolutely wonderful!
I bet you'd just be happy to sit
here all night with that hat on
your head, you know?
No, that's not the only thing
that makes me happy!
[content sigh]
[Fuko] All together now!
My dear sister,
congratulations!
[Tomoya] Kouko,
we wish you all the best!
Miss Ibuki, congratulations
on your big day!
[pop, pop]
[clapping]
Oh dear, my ears are ringing...
[Tomoya] Fuko, you have
tape in your hair.
[Nagisa] Hee, hee.
You too, Okazaki.
[Tomoya] Furu... No...
Nagisa, you too.
[Nagisa] Oh, yes...
What's wrong, Fuko?
Are you cold?
Let's sit close together
like oshikuramanju.
That way, it'll be
a lot warmer for us.
We'll be the Big Dango Family.
Sitting like this, we really
are like one happy family.
Yes, we are.
[birds tweeting]
Fu-Furukawa?
What's going on? Why are we
sleeping here on the floor?
Okazaki?
This is...
Wait a minute, did we spend the
entire night here at school?
It sure seems that way,
doesn't it?
So, I guess we were planning
to get the the Drama Club
up and running again and
we fell asleep?
Now that you mention it,
I think that may be
what happened...
But all this...
This is a strange...
[Nagisa] I'm sorry for staying
out without permission!
[Tomoya] We fell asleep
by accident.
[door slamming open]
[Akio] You think an excuse
like that will pass?
[Sanae] Akio, no!
[Nagisa] Father, stop!
[Akio] I... I know that's
what you told me,
and I really want
to believe you,
but it's just so hard
to swallow.
[Akio] It's a little farfetched.
[Sanae] Me too.
[Nagisa] Huh?
[Sanae] I seem to have heard
you had something important to
do and wouldn't be home today.
[Sanae] Yes,
I distinctly remember...
[Tomoya] I don't suppose
you remember
what that was by any chance?
[Sanae] Strangely, I don't
remember the details of what
you two were doing.
[Akio] Aarg! I have to say,
this is really getting
me aggravated!
[Tomoya] I'm not like your
father, but I've been
feeling hazy.
Like that something I can't
remember is very important.
Okazaki, look at this.
It was in the Drama Club
room this morning.
And there was one
in my room as well.
Strangely, I don't remember
where I could have received it.
When I look at it,
I feel calmed.
When you look at it, don't you
experience the same kind
of feeling?
What are you doing
looking so dazed?
It's because I'm trying
to remember something.
Remember something? Like what?
Beats me.
I just don't know what.
Oh, so you've got free time?
So, why don't you come
with me tomorrow?
I'm going shopping
with my little sister.
Why not join us? It'll be fun.
Tomorrow?
I feel like I have
plans tomorrow,
but I don't know what they are.
What's with the vague answer?
Just say yes or no!
I'm not trying to be vague.
But I just can't
shake the feeling
that there's really something
going on tomorrow.
[Tomoya] Something very
important that I have to do...
[Tomoya] Is that so?
You too?
Yes, and I feel like
that there's something important
happening tomorrow,
but I can't remember what it is.
There must be something to it.
[Tomoya] Let's try to remember.
[Nagisa] Mr. Koumura, what are
you doing with that brush
and banner?
Can't you see for yourself?
So, is someone you know
getting married?
You sure ask strange things.
Don't tell me your memory
is going bad at your age?
Being told that by you is more
than a little depressing.
Look at it closely and
remember our discussion.
[gasp]
I remember!
Miss Ibuki!
It was because of your request
that caused this wedding will
be held at the school.
That's right.
That's what it is.
Oh, no! We forgot something
this important?
Furukawa, I can't remember,
why did you and I want to
celebrate Kouko's marriage?
[Koumura] There you go saying
strange things again.
It was because you have that
kind of relationship with her,
isn't it?
If I remember correctly,
wasn't I the one who introduced
you to Miss Ibuki?
But I... Somehow I feel like
there was one more person
who brought us together.
I'm just certain that there
was somebody else.
There was another person...
Yes, it Miss Ibuki's sister,
wasn't it?
Her sister?
Well, if you'll excuse me.
Wait a minute, did he say
Miss Ibuki's sister?
It's Fuko!
That's right! It was Fuko!
You're here...
Fu-chan...
So, you were... You were
beside us all this time?
Yes...
I'm the worst, aren't I?
I mean, it's the one thing
I didn't want to forget,
and I forgot it.
You're not the worst, Okazaki.
It's only natural.
Oh, please Fuko, don't say
anything so sad!
Oh, Fuko. We want to be
with you always.
Fu-chan, let's stay together.
Until the wedding,
be together always.
Yes!
[man] It seems having the
wedding at the school was
the bride's request.
None of the students are here
to celebrate the big occasion.
But Okazaki and you are here
to celebrate with me.
[minister] The shape of the
wedding ring has two meanings.
One is eternity.
The other is completeness.
These two halves of one circle,
forever intertwined comprise the
holy sacrament of marriage.
With the exchanging
of the rings, you promise
to be loyal to each other for
the rest of your lives.
Repeat after me:
With this ring...
I pledge my eternal and
undying love to you.
[Yusuke] From now until
death do us part.
[applause]
[Nagisa] Okazaki,
where are we going?
[Tomoya] Let's send them off
with louder cheers than anyone.
Right, Fuko?
Yes!
Okazaki, what is this?
[oinking]
Kyou... Fujibayashi...
I thought you told me
that you were
going shopping this afternoon?
Um, well, that's what
we had planned, but then...
This morning, when we got up
and saw this reminder star,
we remembered the wedding.
We felt that we just had to come
to congratulate them.
Hey there!
[Tomoya] Sunohara!
[Nagisa] You came after all,
didn't you?
Well, I had a little time
on my hands.
Looks like all these
other guys did, too.
[Nagisa] Father! And Mother!
Well look at this, you're
here too. I should've known.
Really, to forget about a
beautiful wedding until
the very day of it!
I must have been crazy.
Your thoughts reached them.
They all remembered.
[Tomoya] Everyone remembered
the wedding.
Oh, I just can't believe it.
Isn't it super?
Yes!
[applause & cheering]
[Fuko] Okazaki...
[Tomoya] Hm?
[Fuko] That dream about you
that I mentioned before...
[Tomoya] Dream?
[Fuko] Do you remember it?
[Fuko] The dream about
the Starfish Festival.
As I played alone on the beach,
you pulled my hand.
You said,
"What are you doing?"
"Today is the Starfish
Festival, you know."
Ever since I met you
and Nagisa,
that's what it's been like.
You always took me
to fun places.
Every day was like a festival.
It's been a lot of fun.
Thank you very much.
[sniffling]
[Fuko] I had a lot of fun.
The most fun I've ever
had in my life.
[sniffling]
[Kouko] Okazaki, Nagisa?
[Tomoya] Kouko...
[Kouko] Is something wrong?
You both seem so sad.
You have to listen
to my story.
There was someone who waited
so long for this day.
[Tomoya] Someone who worked
so hard just for this day.
She lived and dreamed
just for this day,
and it was all that
kept her going.
All alone, she gathered
blessings for you and
your fiancé.
[Tomoya] We loved her.
Because we truly loved her...
I see it so clearly now. You and
Nagisa were always with her,
weren't you, Okazaki?
It was because she and I enjoyed
spending time with her.
We were happy together.
Don't you see? Everyone here
felt the same way.
So, Miss Kouko, please...
It's all we want, Kouko!
To be happy for
your sister, Fuko!
Yes!
Congratulations,
my dear big sister.
Please be happy.
Please be happy forever.
[Fuko] Forever and always,
be happy...
in your love.
My dear Fu-chan...
[Kouko] Fu-chan said,
"Congratulations."
"Please be happy forever."
I think... I think that she must
have been congratulating me in
her dreams.
[Kouko] That thought reached me.
If we continue to be happy,
she can be happy too.
I can believe that now.
Believe it with all my heart.
[Kyou] Did you hear?
The rumor about the student
who was in a coma
after the accident
two years ago.
[Ryou] She's the sister of Miss
Ibuki who was married the
other day.
You remember, don't you?
I heard that sister
is really cute.
What? And who's saying that?
A rumor, just a rumor.
But you know, doesn't it seem
sort of real in a way?
I mean, I feel like I know
this girl somehow.
And that she's still here,
always running around
the school.
It does kind of seem that way.
Doesn't it?
Say, it's been bothering me,
but that carving you have...
You mean this little thing?
I just found it in my dorm room.
It's funny that I don't
remember how I got it exactly,
but wait... Hey wait a minute!
This is...!
It is!
Why, yes! I believe it's a...
[everyone] A starfish!
But how could any
of us know that?
How could we...?
Hey, wake up, you!
Don't just sleep through this,
join in the conversation.
[Kyou] Tomoya!
[Tomoya] That girl student
suddenly became the talk
of the school.
Pure and earnest, running
around the school...
That's the image of the girl.
And then, we all waited,
for the day that girl
might awaken.
I was definitely one of them.
And that day will someday...
Please...
please be my friend!
Be one of my very best
friends, would you?
So, what are you, a bully?
[Ryou] Yes, well,
what I mean to tell you is
that I think you're a really
fun person, Ichinose.
Will she bully me?
Yes, if you would like me to.
Tell me, will I have
to shed any tears?
I think, if the
role calls for it,
you might have to shed a few
tears and maybe cry
a little bit.
But I really don't want to cry.
Even so, if you have to cry,
you'll cry.
So tell me, are you
a bully, too?
Yes!